bring some chocolates for you guys happy
birthday Robbie Cheers
for the fifth time this is Los Angeles
Koreatown LA - the exact k-town for
short this is a story about me and my
friends we used to party like this
pretty much every night but we're older
now and we have real responsibilities
[Music]
will it ever get better
they're afraid I'm losing touch with my
biological heritage you can't just get
into fights every time someone talks
about me you hear me
[Music]
you are my next generation and you make
the decision from now our company is
totally [ __ ] very much FBI came in
sharra company down took all our records
took my cell phones throughout the
[ __ ] phone and my uncle is going to
kill me
[Music]
honestly in life you don't want things
to be nice and settle you think you do
but you don't
life's more fun destroyed
[Music]
basically this is a [ __ ] up
coming-of-age story I'm gonna wake up
bake it tomorrow this kind of shady